we gon' - i sake we're star-studded
scarce and petersburg thrashed defending
champions - ammo Moscow six - here in
the capital to remain top of the KHL
Robert Vardanyan has all the details one
of the kitchen powerhouses and current
leader sky led by the league's brightest
star ilya kovalchuk against two-time
champions and holders donato moscow what
a build-up and the sides were quick to
get down to business with the st. Pete
Ottoman opening the scoring early in the
first period you're getting scratched
off netting here for the visitors
dynamic art - level but it was ska who
kept on scoring Maxim - Dina firing in a
great one timer to make it to nil
nevertheless the champions pressure had
to pay off sooner or later and just four
minutes before the first intermission
Leo Camaro finished off a beautiful
combination to bring the house back into
the game 2-1 and at the end of second it
was once again coming off who got the
job done
- all yet if not in terms of possession
but in scoring the final period was all
scars for unanswered goals by the AMA
man turning a tight battle into the
heather's defeat the champions have
faced so far this season six to the
third period I think we scored almost
every place we had a chance and we will
represent that that's why I think we
could be moving wind okay I don't think
it was a big failure we lost a couple of
important face offs but the game was
tight they're all very strong
individually so you shouldn't give them
any good goal scoring chances as they
hardly ever waste them and we did the
game was decided within the first
minutes of the final period when they
scored three goals in a row although it
was a very tight game no points for
scarce star skipper cover choke in this
match just some bad blood between him
and Dynamis Kamarov however who is on
the way to his best form with six goals
in eight games so far and his team
topping the league rabbit Vardanyan
arty
go